male
all right ladies and gentlemen dsp here
and welcome back to ask the king episode
81 for
may 7th 2020. if you have not yet please
check out part one on youtube on demand
if you're here live on stream welcome
back from the break
um we got about two more hours on the
stream roughly we'll see how long it
takes to answer the questions in the
like okay
but welcome back um thanks so far for
being a great audience thank you for
your support so far look how close we
are to hitting the tips go which is
insane
uh for ask the king so thank you guys so
much uh evil green ranger cheered during
the break and said thanks for your
gameplay of minecraft i actually
bought myself a switch with pokemon
sword and sonic mania
that sounds good to me those are two
outstanding games i hope you have fun
with those
and kindred subscribe to the channel
thank you kendrick for the sub
all right continuing on with our
questions
the next question is from ryan and he
asks the following
phil have you ever thought about taking
two days off so you can get a more
normal rest and relaxation schedule
i work about five days a week i can't
imagine working six days and fitting in
errands and relaxing into just one day
off like you do
maybe once in a while but i would
imagine after a while it would get
exhausting and catch up with me
you feel like you're always working
do you have a debt or have you adapted
over time to so that it doesn't feel
like that you're working six days a week
um what i would say is this
back when i used to be a youtuber and i
had nothing going on and no personal
life i didn't care
i didn't have a family i didn't have a
household to maintain behind the scenes
and i didn't give a [ __ ] so i just
worked my ass off
for years and years making videos videos
videos videos
but then things changed you know i moved
across the country i have a house now to
maintain i have a wife and a cat and you
know a family and stuff that i want to
spend time with
um and immediately i wish i had more
time to spend with them for the last
year no exaggeration cat and i have
wanted to go to seattle zoo and haven't
been able to go
because we just been too busy um
you know that's life um but um
the thing is my job is fun when i'm here
doing my my
work i'm having fun i love doing ask the
king i love playing games and
interacting with you guys it's very
different
from the days when i used to do the
youtube stuff admittedly when i used to
do the youtube stuff a lot of days
coming to work would feel like a grind
it would be like oh man
i got to come to work and i got to do
all this gameplay today and it's going
to be frustrating or whatever
uh i don't really feel like that anymore
i feel like more like i wake up in the
morning and i'm excited no matter what
i'm playing
i'm excited to jump into it i'm a
variety streamer which means i'm not
always doing the same thing every day
you know used to be one on youtube every
day straight five days straight i'm
playing the same new release and i'm not
doing that anymore
i have variety in my content so i don't
get burnt out only playing one game or
one style of game which is really good
and the positivity that we have
interacting with each other
on the streams has been tremendously
great um and i love it i love what i do
so yes is it frustrating that i work six
days a week full time and i don't get a
lot of time to spend with my family
yes do i wish i had more time yes but
right now i can't right now i'm in a
position i need to work as much as i
humanly can
to try to get back on my feet
financially and get this issue with back
taxes and things that i owe
oh you know settled to be able to pay my
current taxes and everything
you know fully in line i need all that
to keep going smoothly
and if it does then maybe within a
couple of years
of getting back on my feet here then yes
i can maybe say okay i can finally take
a little bit more time
off to spend with my family
maybe a few years down the line i can
actually go on a nice trip with my wife
and do something to celebrate the fact
that we were married a year ago and
never had a honeymoon
right but we'll see how things go you
know how my life is with ups and downs
and all of that
um but yeah admittedly if if i were just
going to an office job six days a week
and i hated my job
life would be rough and i wouldn't enjoy
things at all thank god i like my job
so even though i'm here six days a week
i'm having fun with it you know what i
mean
um all right uh
i already answered that question for
this guy snow car were you born who
cheered i literally just answered the
question
hey gangster jesus i can't imagine the
grind of playing video games all day
your work ethic is incredible
the thing the thing is again i'm not
telling you guys that my job is any
harder than anyone else's job or
whatever i'm not and i don't want anyone
to get that impression i'm trying to say
oh my job's so hard yours is easy
absolutely not you know i've had jobs
where uh you know they were actually way
more physically
demanding than this and stressful um
for sure but you know i work more
now than i ever did like this job i
worked more
doing this than i ever did for any other
job that i had previously
so okay continuing on
um of arms and men
ask the following question phil what was
it exactly that ended dsp tries it for
you
would you ever consider bringing it back
someday due to popular demand maybe even
a dsp tries it live version to fill out
the week
okay i've answered this many times
before i'll try to answer it
as properly as i can without repeating
myself a million times
dsp tries it started off as a series
that i did when i was looking to
diversify my content back when i was a
full-time youtuber
yes the gameplay was hyper popular but
back then i couldn't monetize the
gameplay
and i needed a way to raise funds to buy
games and do things for the gameplay
so i said i'll diversify my content
let's try to do vlogging
and i did some game reviews and i did
travel vlogs but dsp tries it was the
one that really caught on
it was me trying out various products at
first it wasn't just food
it was fast food but energy drinks and
and
gadgets and gizmos and all kinds of
stuff but eventually just fell
into being fast food every week okay
it was a very popular series because it
wasn't something that i was taking super
seriously or whatever
and it was basically something that i
thought was kind of just not to be taken
seriously was just frivolous
and just kind of a thing to mess around
and people liked it because of that
um and so again 10 plus years ago when i
was a bachelor and i was living alone
and i had my whole day
to myself really nothing to do with my
time that was productive
i would say hey i'm in the middle of
filming a full day of filming for
youtube
let me go out when i'm going out to get
food today i'll buy whatever the new
fast food item is that's the hot item
out there
i'll record it i'll put out an episode
called dsp tries it and that's that
it wasn't really much added work at all
to anything i was doing since i wasn't
live streaming
it didn't affect my schedule it was just
a quick trip extra to somewhere instead
of maybe just going to burger king i
went to mcdonald's that day to get the
new mcdonald's burger
right and so it fit in but over the
years of me doing dsp tries that two
things happen
number one i got a life you know
i got things now going on behind the
scenes that are way more important
than me running out and buying fast food
every day admittedly i'm getting older
and eating fast food as often as i was
to do dsp tries it was not a good idea
um
and it became a hassle like when i'm on
a streaming schedule
okay so it was stream my first stream
get the videos uploading immediately run
out the door buy the food
come home film myself eating the food
okay get that episode editing prepare
for the next stream do the next stream
when the stream's done the videos edited
upload the video that like it was crazy
like my days were just insane zero
relaxation
tons of stress running around to try to
fit this into my schedule right when i
became a streamer
things changed when i started live
streaming having a streaming schedule it
was very different
than just doing the on-demand videos
whenever i wanted for youtube
and admittedly it took a lot of time
away when you're going to eat with your
family
do you want to sit there with a camera
and delay everyone being able to eat
to [ __ ] film a stupid episode of dsp
tries no you want to eat you're hungry
right why are we all sitting around like
[ __ ] waiting to eat so that was the
problem
is that it really stopped being fun and
took up way too much time
and it stressed me out but in addition
to that
youtube basically made it that the they
just weren't even making sense to make
anymore because of profitability reasons
when i started dsp tries it the
profitability
of youtube videos was high so i would
make a video no lie
in the middle of the day of me recording
a brand new release i would go out and
grab some food
i would come home film dsp tries to edit
it put it out the video would get
anywhere between 15 to like 40
000 views and i would make no
exaggeration probably about 200
on that video so i was spending what 10
for a meal and making two hundred
dollars on that video that's how
profitable things were
you know eight to ten years ago on
youtube with ad revenue okay
by the time that i quit with vsp tries
it
i was doing the same amount of work but
it was also stressful because i was
trying to cram it between two gameplay
streams
so i was stressing myself out having
less time to spend with my family
and putting on an episode that would get
anywhere between let's say eight to
fifteen thousand views
and it would make five dollars if that
so i'm spending you know ten to twenty
dollars
for fast food for my family making five
dollars on the video
okay so it just didn't make any sense at
all it made
zero sense for me to even be continuing
the series because it was too stressful
i didn't want to eat fast food anymore
for health reasons not enough time to do
it
and not profitable so it's like the
quadruple whammy
no reason to continue the series okay
would i ever bring it back
in the future only if there was some
weird extenuating circumstances
where i felt that there was a situation
that it made
sense to do an episode but it would be a
live on on the fly episode on a stream i
would not
be doing the old edited style with the
music and the logo i would just say okay
impromptu episode of dsp tries it on
stream let's do it guys and we would do
it live
and that's how we would do it all right
but as from now i don't really have any
ideas for that
well ladies and gentlemen kendrick took
me seven dollars had two more streaks
boys craig asm
so yes ladies and gentlemen we did hit
the vest streak
or the tip street and the vest street
continues however then vest investor
took me seven dollars to bring out the
vest
so we're actually
over the chips amount so thank you guys
very much for exceeding
the tips goal for today and we're up to
67 straight streams
hitting the best goal let me get the
vest and then i got one cheer to shout
out and then we'll continue on with
questions all right
all right
okay oh
alrighty guys let's continue on shall we
so snow carl reborn cheered again
said i love your work wondering if
you're concerned that
defeating your trolls will have an
impact on your streams or revenue
ladies and gentlemen all right i'm well
aware that there is a group of people
all right who on the internet contribute
to my streams
because they hate me but they want to
get like a negative shout out or
whatever
all right in the scheme of the overall
scheme of things
does that add up and give me a little
bit of extra revenue yes but i can
concretely tell you guys that it is
actually the
long-standing fans the people who like
what i do the people that find
positivity
in my content those are the people that
really have my back
all right and some people would argue
that yes i get new fans and new viewers
from the negative negative videos that
people make about me
i'm not going to discredit that every
day we get people who come into the
stream here
and they say phil you know the reason
that i came to check you out was because
people were talking [ __ ] about you but
now that i've come to check you out i
actually find that you're a really fun
guy
and i love your positivity of your
streams or whatever all right so that's
definitely a factor but
no the majority of support that i get is
from legit fans
it is i'd probably say if you actually
looked at the ratio
i'd probably say at least the 80 20
split if not 85 15 you know
yes there's a chunk there that is people
who don't like me and they want to get a
rise out of me or whatever
but in general the any of these
contributions that come in you know that
are bigger contributions
and people who are coming back and
contributing over time are long-standing
viewers and fans who like my stuff
okay servant of you cheers
curious are you on a ketogenic diet now
no
against your charity says you made a dsp
tries every time you eat out even if you
just make five dollars you save five
dollars
since you eat out so often already can't
you make that videos then no i don't i
barely eat out ever
i almost never eat out um before the
pandemic
all right maybe once a month cat and i
would go out to eat and it would be like
either wendy's or taco bell
and we would just grab something quick
and come home we would almost never try
the new
gross food item because i would no
interest in actually eating it outside
of filming a dsp
tries it um i used to eat fast food at
least once a week if not more
for the sake of dsp tries it but i don't
do that anymore i've completely
changed my lifestyle because i'm getting
older okay
so there you go
ladies and gentlemen amac860914 just
tipped me
130 wow
thank you very much amac
my mouse is not working let's get amac
up here on the leaderboard first of all
because that is insanely generous
contribution
thank you very much amac
oops a mac uh eight
six zero nine one four i don't know if
there's any significance to the numbers
but considering the size of the
contribution i should probably get his
name right
and that gets us all the way up to holy
crap
um 237 dollars in tips
so far on this stream thank you guys and
he says
from one working guy to another i
support you and i love your content and
you're honestly on any topic so keep it
up
thank you amac that is a really nice
thing to say
albert aponte took me a dollar he's just
passing by have a nice day good to see
you alfred
thank you very much people are saying
they want me to wear the gunner glasses
if you guys really want me to i will
um i actually didn't have any
expectation that i was going to be
wearing them today for ask the king but
hey
all right if that's what you guys want
people are screaming for the gun or
glasses
okay
i'm not gonna lie it's a little awkward
to be wearing these when i'm not doing
game play
you know they're supposed to be you know
taking out blue light
from your screen or whatever but all
right let's continue on guys
um the next question is from glamorous
jarl
and he asked do you think disabling
comments on your youtube playthroughs
has led to a decrease in negativity from
trolls or detractors
an overall decrease in negativity no but
what i can tell you is it's made my
videos way more viewable to a common
audience because people were telling me
i can't watch your videos anymore
the the trolling and disgusting things
people say about you and your family has
gotten so bad in your video comments
that i go to watch them and it's so
gross i can't even watch your videos i'm
turned off
so my long-standing fans said it got so
bad
turn off the comments i did and in
reality
did it negatively affect me at all i
don't think so i think the reason that
we've seen the decline on my youtube
channel in the last few years is because
i've become a full-time streamer
my focus is right here on the live
streams not on on-demand videos on
youtube
so people absolutely try to make the
streams if they can if they can't
then they'll go ahead and they'll check
out the on-demand videos on youtube and
there is an audience for that
but in general yeah my youtube channel
has declined because i'm not focusing on
it anymore you know what i mean
it's more it makes more sense to try to
be here live if you can
and there's nothing i could do about
that you know at least the channel still
exists and the channel still has a
following or whatever
um and i'm not going to get rid of it or
anything but
in reality those videos that you see
this is how you don't play
and it has nothing to do with the
gameplay it's just people highlighting
disgusting
things said about me and my family those
are gone now
yeah you can do this how you don't play
but all it is is you know people
highlighting the gameplay or saying
stupid detractor [ __ ] has nothing to do
with my content
you don't have to worry about my videos
on my channel being ruined by these
[ __ ] anymore
so in that regard i think it did have a
big positive impact
okay blackspawn89
says knowing that a lot of your audience
looks for the lulls and they like to see
you fail how hard is it to appease those
types of viewers if you can do it at all
with the content that you're putting out
does it bother you that there are people
malicious or not that look at your
content more as comedy
rather than take it as a serious form of
gameplay as shown with the chat
reactions over a failure or death or a
blunder committed on a live stream
uh in reality
i don't really care about that anymore
um at all
like if you're here to check me out
great as long as you're not derailing my
stream and making it
impossible for people who want to be
positive to enjoy the content i don't
care if you're here
to laugh at me or laugh with me you see
what i'm saying like
i understand there's a large portion of
people that are here just to make fun of
me
whatever just don't make the stream
unwatchable for others
who want to have fun and be positive and
i'm okay with that
um sadly there's some people who have to
do that they have to be like i have to
go crazy over the top and be a complete
[ __ ] [ __ ] and try to harass
people just because they like phil's
content or whatever and that obviously
is messed up
and obviously that's not good at all and
i have to moderate the stream chat when
that stuff happens right
but in reality um failing
has always been a part of my content if
you think about the history
of me on youtube when i started playing
games on youtube i wasn't taking them
seriously i was the guy who flubbed
through a game
and [ __ ] around and didn't didn't you
know my content was not pro level
come watch me gameplay the [ __ ] out of
metal gear solid it was come watch me
[ __ ] be an [ __ ] and fail and make
fun of the game developers and be stupid
that was the some of the attraction of
my content to begin with that's one of
the reasons why
i became popular on youtube i wasn't the
guy doing high level
walkthroughs or you know what i mean or
you know instructional facts
i was the guy just being an [ __ ] and
people liked that about my content see
so that's why a lot of people watch me
to begin with
um i understand there's people here to
just to just make fun of me and the
thing is
as long as i continue to do variety of
gameplay that's going to always continue
so for example when i'm playing animal
crossing there's not much to fail at an
animal crossing it's a chill game
you're not going to see the people who
are here to see me fail come tune in to
an animal crossing stream it's just not
going to happen
because there's nothing going on but
those people will be here for neo
those people will be here when i play an
online multiplayer game
like street fighter but they're not
gonna come by for the chill streams you
see what i mean
so you get that dichotomy of viewers
like i said yes there's long-standing
viewers who love me who watch everything
i do
there's some viewers who are here to
watch positive content of new games
there's some viewers here to see me fail
at games where i can fail
and that's the appeal of someone like me
i'm a jack of all trades and i'm pretty
much a master of none
but that's okay as long as i entertain
you and you have a good time that's all
i care about
see okay um
let's go ahead and i'm gonna actually
have a lozenge might hear my throat
starting to get a little bit hoarse so
let me pop a lozenge
before we continue okay
all right
all right what flavor
grapefruit oh it's good
all right i strongly recommend
holes i think these are vitamin c drops
they're not
necessarily cough drops grapefruit
flavor is superb i love this flavor
lemon's okay orange is okay green fruit
tastes really good to me
all right that is not a paid product
placement by the way
or is it no it's not okay
um vg stuffed
uh asks with the new console set to
launch this year
you think the same launch rose from
previous console launches like the lack
of interesting games and a certain
amount of bugs etc
will be present in the launch and do you
think this generation a console should
focus on 4k
or 60 frames per second games
all right well
let's get to the nitty gritty console
launches always have problems
the console's launched and there's
hardware failures remember the xbox 360
holy [ __ ]
was that a botched console launched with
the amount of hardware failures that
thing had
um things don't work as intended
holy [ __ ] remember the xbox one with the
optical output that didn't do surround
sound even though it was supposed to
with the kinect that didn't work you'd
talk to the thing and it would think
that you're saying something completely
different
um you know it's never
a smooth launch for these new consoles
there's always issues all right
i do feel that they're getting better
over time
but that every time did i say that
something [ __ ] me in the ass like oh
consoles are getting better let me go
buy a nintendo switch oops my switch
bricks itself after day one
you know so as much as i'd like to say
oh yeah these game developers and these
games you know the console developers
know what they're doing
and they've learned from their mistakes
and they're definitely definitely going
to have a great new console launched
later this year it's like
i know if i say something something
positive it's going to come back to bite
me
right um
so i kind of want to remain skeptical
all right
but honestly for me the thing that's
always been
the weakest thing about console launches
is the launch
uh library of games the games that are
available when you purchase the console
to play at launch i mean there was no
exception here with the ps4
and the xbox one they both had pretty
lame launch libraries i mean knack was a
decent game
to show off the graphics of the ps4 but
it wasn't anything to write home about
in the realm of oh my god
what an amazing game i'll remember
forever you know
i already mentioned rise son of rome
the game looks great and it's one of the
worst playing games ever because it's
just so basic and trivial in a short
game what a ripoff of 60 bucks
so my question is
will they finally learn from their track
record of
always launching these consoles with no
good games and finally release
each console with a killer app now xbox
series x is supposedly releasing with
halo infinite
will halo infinite be the killer app
they need
or has halo kind of gone on the downturn
in the last decade and i i mean i hate
to admit it but halo is
not what it used to be it's not made by
the same company bungie
you know basically abandoned it and
moved on to do their own thing
now they got this what is it three four
three industries or whoever who makes it
and quite frankly i don't like the halo
games like i thought halo 3 was really
good
um i think halo 4 and 5 have been bad
they don't feel like tried and true halo
games anymore and quite frankly
um they don't play well and they're not
very super fun
they're kind of boring and they feel
what it really feels like is fan service
someone who knows halo and wants to make
a halo game but they don't have the
skill of the original developers
so they make a fan service game of it
and they're selling it as a 60
full mainstream release in the halo
franchise that's not very good
um so i agree froggy love you
i agree with you halo reach was actually
pretty good i'd say halo 3 and halo
reach halo odst was terrible but halo 3
and halo reach were quite good
and since then everything's been kind of
lackluster boring
um so can you convince me that halo
infinite which by the way
halo infinite was supposed to be halo 6
because it was supposed to be
a second halo trilogy but all of a
sudden they changed their minds oh it's
not going to be halo 6 it's going to be
hello infinite now because they want
people to forget about that
and try not to associate this game with
the previous halo 4 and 5 because they
wanted to think oh
it's a brand new thing it's going to be
great for the launch of this xbox series
x
i'm not sold at the same time i don't
think i've seen a single game for a ps4
or a ps5 at launch that i'm sold is
going to be an amazing game either so
you know i'm kind of like again are we
going to have the same issues with the
launch of these consoles it's very
possible in my opinion
we could have a history repeat itself
yet again
okay um new york times to be another
three dollars
and let's see he says why can't the
detractors be [ __ ] now like you were
when you started and become a better
person like later like you are now
i've never said they couldn't i never
said they couldn't be
and you know i'll be honest with a lot
of the stuff these people do to me
i kind of see some of the stuff that i
used to do
myself in the past like i said i used to
troll people in the street fighter
community being complete decade
all right i admit that but
anything and i will admit this anything
that i ever said and did
about people in the street fighter
community was in relation to the street
fighter community
i never went around that and tried to
[ __ ] with their personal lives behind
the scenes and be a complete [ __ ]
and just destroy things for them in
their life outside of what they did in
the street fighter community you know
there was a group of west coast players
in california who called themselves
the top players and they made a website
topplers.com
where they had all their profiles like
we're the top players in the country
and in reality were they good yes were
they necessarily the best players in the
country
no they were good players all over the
united states so it was very cocky of
them to do that
so i made a parody website tophaters.com
where i made fun of all of them and it
constantly just kind of ragged on them
okay but that was in relation to street
fighter
that wasn't me going behind the scenes
trying to find out [ __ ] about their
personal lives and completely doxxed
them and expose them and [ __ ] them over
with stuff like that was the extent i
did you want i'll make fun of you about
street fighter and [ __ ]
but these people who do [ __ ] to me are
like
you can't be a moral being and do the
things that they do
you just can't you have to be someone
who shut off that little voice inside
your head that says man this is maybe
wrong to hurt someone like this
you have to turn that off to do the
things that have been done to me so
these people are not right in the head
they're messed up who do these things to
me
they're million times worse than
anything i ever did in the street
fighter community but i agree with you
i do see some of that with some of the
things that happen to me or whatever you
take a jab at me you make fun of my
gameplay
fine fair enough but the personal [ __ ]
is where there's a major dichotomy
between anything that i ever did and
what these people do
okay ultimate classes am i wearing
pajama bottoms yes
what do you think i wear like slacks
work slacks when i do streams
do you think i'm wearing like uh you
know what
of course i'm either wearing sweatpants
or
pajama pants and then when it gets
warmer i wear shorts like gym shorts
that's what i wear around the house
excuse me the evil green ranger cheers
just to add to this remember xbox said
in 2013 you can't play used games on
their console on playstation trolled
them
sharing games with friends yes i
remember that
um what is this
what i guess no carl reborn is saying
there's something going on now where
people are impersonating
nurses and doctors during the pandemic
i don't know anything about that servant
of youtube opinion on lego city not
recognizing israel as a state
no opinion uh tangy asian style aioli
cheered and said you ever went into dark
prince the insane marvel player back in
the day the guy who brought a gun to evo
if this is who i think it is yes this
was the guy i told you the story
at evo uh excuse me at ecc east coast
championships one of the major east
coast tournaments i ran in donald new
jersey
he got so angry because east coast
players were basically harassing
controlling him
he went outside and punched a tree and
completely destroyed his hand
he had gashes in his hand where he was
gushing blood
and his bones could be seen through his
hand because he punched a tree because
he was so angry
so i'm familiar with the guy yes i don't
know anything about the story of him
bringing a gun to evo or anything like
that though
okay um
womp nato took me four dollars and says
my son who's 17 wants to become a
streamer and start investing in
equipment but i'm unsure if it's a
viable career so what do your parents
think about you doing it
is something you see yourself doing at
60. um
anything like this that's internet based
is incredibly uncertain
incredibly unsafe to do and it's very
risky
sure for every person who's successful
there's probably about 400 people who
fail
so you know could i recommend
it as something that absolutely you
should recommend to your kid no
um but there are people who succeed at
it so
the a player 30 to 100 says you ever get
burned out playing so many games on a
daily basis
um i used to when it was youtube videos
but i actually don't really get burnt
out too much
out with the streams these days hey
gangsters here asking about
investing five thousand dollars i'm just
not going to i don't know stupid [ __ ]
okay let's continue on in fact what i'd
like to do now before we move on to
twitter questions
i'd like to give shout outs to the
patrons thank you to those of you
who are still ongoing supporters of my
patreon over at patreon.com forward
slash darkside phil
and let's give shout outs to those
people so thank you to ryan
the resistance villaix gutter drums big
tone 995
casey wood planet jeff [ __ ] 99
michael trevor say eric miller super
blind man
heseo x4 bill culpa game trekker
fallen 1570 murdoch blaine mayo
steven slater07 brandon labrish
archvile joshua wells does [ __ ]
carlos venegas cody carls walter
heidinger martin
hogarin and shadow king jim okay thank
all of you
for all of your contributions over on on
patreon you know hoping to keep things
going around here appreciate that um
all right now let's move on to twitter
question shall we
truth of the matter is we'll go through
twitter questions and
after that maybe i'll open it up to open
q a and that'll be the show
we might not need three parts this time
around maybe just two parts to answer
everyone's questions okay
um
crab [ __ ] says who's the guy you're
talking about who brandished a gun in an
event i don't know i don't know anything
about that that happened after i quit
after i was done
with competitive street fighter so i
can't talk about the situation because i
wasn't involved in it i don't know
anything about it hey gangster
uh cheering is at your own discretion if
you cheer and i don't answer your cheer
because it's a stupid thing you're
asking that's your own fault and word
lord kong cheered he says could the nest
vest be black and a cowboy hat style to
match the awesome
oh wait could it be a black and cowboy
styled vest to match the hat
the thing is if i had a black vest you
probably wouldn't be able to see it as
well
because i do wear a lot of black shirts
so i would think a colored vest
makes more sense than a black vest but
again i have no opportunity to go out
there and see what i can find because
everything's still closed
okay okay
um twitter questions we start off
with gotoware who asks is there anything
specific
you would say suggested from anyone
that's trying to begin a career in
streaming youtube or anything in that
field
seeing you not only expertise but are
seasoned enough to know most of its ins
and outs
it's very simple this is the advice i
always give if you're gonna get started
with this
you have to have fun with it and you
have to have positivity come through
and you have to basically be having a
good time if you look like you're
you're tortured the entire time you're
on stream no one's going to want to see
you
if you look nervous no one's going to
want to see you and if you're doing
something
that's so dangerously grueling that
you're not enjoying yourself
it's not gonna work you're basically
gonna have a just good a good time
and if you do that that'll come through
with your content
and people will latch on to it
positively okay now i'm not saying that
there's not people out there who only do
negative stuff absolutely but i'm giving
you from the perspective
as a positive content creator what i do
is i latch on to positivity and have fun
with it
whether it's a game that i love or don't
particularly love as long as we're
having a good time and having good
interactions on the stream we still have
a good time you see what i mean so
it's about having a good time
on a stream and portraying that to your
viewers
that's a positive vibe that's going to
make them want to come back
okay now if you're an expert at a
certain kind of game
and you feel that you could really
portray that in a stream
by all means become that expert become
that guru become that person who people
look to
to learn about a certain genre of game
that could definitely be very profitable
and very successful for me
outside of like old-school street
fighter i've never really been able to
do that
so instead of that i've kind of focused
on just being the guy that makes jokes
has a good time with his audience and in
general just tries to put out positivity
rather than a bunch of toxicity and for
the most part
it's worked right that would be my my
recommendations
i could sit here and give you equipment
recommendations i could sit here and
tell you about the ins and outs of
twitch
none of that [ __ ] matters seriously none
of that matters you could be
doing this with the lowest quality
equipment like i used to back on youtube
and have no idea what the [ __ ] you're
doing as long as you're having a good
time
and that you're portrayed that people
will probably enjoy it and you'll
probably be all right
okay crab [ __ ] i got the hop from
the hat from tennessee nashville i
already told the story on this ask the
king
so go check out part one if you want the
full story on that okay
all right let's continue on um
beast bob asks the following
what is your definitive final fantasy
tier list as of now
where do you think final fantasy 7
remake will end up once you complete it
um definitely final fantasy 86
is top top of the charts final fantasy 4
is probably just under it for me now
after that
that's tough um because there's been
different final fantasy games over the
years that i've really liked honestly
final fantasy one two and three
i've only played through them maybe once
three i never even finished so i can't
really
rank those um five is good but i think
it has
the weakest plot of that era of snes
versions of super nintendo uh
final fantasy games um
i would probably say after
four maybe 10 and then maybe after 10
maybe 13
and then maybe 9 or maybe 9 and then 13
or something like that 8 i never liked
maybe if i replay it at some day i'll
like it and i'll put it in there
seven i always strongly criticized
so i think seven is a good game but for
the for
not for the story for the gameplay
elements um
so it's hard to rank that one you know
um finally seven remake is a good game
but i feel a lot of people are gonna
criticize it strongly for being such a
linear game
when final fantasy historically does
open itself up to open world exploration
and there's pretty much
none of that in final fantasy 7 remake
it's just linear linear linear
oh you're in a chapter where there's
some side content that you can
completely skip
but by the way the side content is still
on the linear path you were on before
it's nowhere new there's no overworld to
explore see what i mean like it's a very
limited game of what they do with it
because they're stuck in midgar so
i don't know for me i would say six
four maybe ten
and then after that it's kind of all a
mixed bag for me
okay all right seven where will seven
remake
land i have no idea at this point uh
reverend kusanagi asks
what are your thoughts on the new yakuza
game going through the radical root of
being a more heavy rpg
style game now although it's a huge leap
from what was originally
started i think the change is rather
refreshing and insanely fun
much like anything when it comes to big
change you're gonna have people who like
it and people who hate it remember
resident evil
when they went from being this survival
horror fixed camera tank controls to
over the shoulder third person with
resident evil 4
and then in six when it became more of
an action-based game and then seven when
it went back
with the first person for the first time
you're always going to have people who
are going to complain
um for me i think yakuza ran
its course with what it could do being
the style of game it was
they literally did everything that i
think they could have done
with that plotline and that style of
gameplay i actually think that that was
it and like if they continued on you're
just beating the dead horse been there
done that
by mixing it up and turning it into a
different style of game you now add in
variety you add in new gameplay elements
and new things that have never been done
in the series before that could add to a
lot more fun
for the common gamer at the same time
what about those who hardcore
yakuza fans who are going to be upset
that it doesn't play like yakuza anymore
well guess what we got a new franchise
called judgment just started last
year that's basically the logical
evolution of what yakuza was
so you're not dead in the water and by
the way judgment was a sales hit
so i get the feeling we're going to see
a whole new ip continuing on with
judgment in the future which is great
because that game was outstanding
so it's kind of like the best of both
worlds
you could get really positive stuff
from you know a new franchise reborn
with new gameplay elements but if you
didn't like that it changed you go play
the other franchise
that plays like the one that you like to
begin with you see what i mean um
so there you go there you go
um i think it's going to be good i'm
actually very excited for the new yakuza
game i hope it's going to turn out well
um let's see here
um snow carl is criticizing me doing a
new vest he's basically just being a
negative dick
so i'm just going to get rid of him at
this point because by the way he's
impersonating someone who's already
banned anyway so he can get the [ __ ] out
of here
crab [ __ ] cheers i know you're going to
go back and play the new mk11 story but
we'll be doing multiplayer i don't know
i'm definitely doing the story and if
there's anything new in the crypt i have
no idea if i'll be doing multiplayer or
not we'll see what happens okay
okay um snow asks the following
what are your thoughts on top streamers
on twitch and mixer is that what you
want to be one day
are you okay with who you are in your
famous success status at the moment
i've always said this that i never had
any aspirations to be a big
person in the gaming community as a
content creator never
i was a guy was just [ __ ] around on
youtube and having fun with it and
didn't care
about what i was doing and even when i
started doing this for a living i never
intended for that to happen it was
something that i kind of fell into
inadvertently
and by luck it became popular you know
what i mean like i was a very lucky guy
that i hooked and it hooked on became
popular
um admittedly would i would i like to be
more popular and have more viewers and
more income i mean what am i going to be
an [ __ ] and say no of course
everyone's going to say yes to that but
the question is at what price
because if you look at those people who
are bigger than me they all do the same
[ __ ]
they act like a certain over-the-top
style character for their streams
to attract a certain kind of youthful
audience they all do the ridiculously
edited thumbnails with the
reaction face on it to try to get you
know the the overreaction
in general in their videos um they pull
stunts
they do ridiculous stuff they
participate in drama style content right
they all do it they all do it right
you know few and far between you'll find
one of these guys who's popular who
doesn't have some kind of ridiculous
gimmick
that got them to where they are and a
lot of them quite frankly are very
similar
let's be honest and i'm not saying this
is bad all right
pewdiepie markiplier
um what's that other guy with the green
hair
right i can't even remember his name um
oh jacksepticeye right if you really
look at all of them
they're all the same they do the same
kind of content they do they act the
same
they dress up and you know i dye my hair
to look like a cartoon character and i
don't say pewdiepie doesn't really do
that but he did go
full blonde there for a while they all
kind of act
the same you know and again
i'm not criticizing and saying that's
bad they found this thing this gimmick
that works
but i never did that over the years
right i was always myself i was true to
myself i refused
to use the trends and things that people
always told me do this to become virally
popular
i refused to do it because i wanted to
be true to myself and i wanted to be
successful not because i found some kind
of a trend to attract little kids to my
content but because i put out content
that people found
as meaningful and positive okay me being
myself and i'll be honest
in the last three years that i have
become a full-time streamer
i feel the stuff i do is genuine
positive and way more meaningful and fun
than the stuff i used to do back when i
was just a youtuber making stupid
immature you know sexual jokes and dumb
[ __ ] like that
now i'm a way more honest dude but yet i
still have a following i still get
support and
you know what i mean like i would you
would think if really the reason people
were around was just to see me be
a fake jerk that that would have changed
when i became a full-time streamer but
it's the opposite
i seem to get more positivity and more
support today than ever before
so obviously i'm doing something right
okay
um but if it would mean
completely changing who i am to be a
portrayed
character to have to look like a cartoon
character screaming at the top of my
voice constantly over acting
and or trying to act like something i'm
not in order to to basically be a muppet
or a cartoon character
to entertain people on a stream i don't
want to do that
i want to be myself and if it means that
i have sacrificed tons of popularity
and success over the years because i
wanted to be myself i guess so be it
but i'm not going to change everything i
am
just to make a few extra bucks i'm sorry
i'm not you know
so that's that okay
um joey schmeck asks what's your opinion
on states reopening now do you think
it's too soon too late or just right
um i'm not going to go into massive
political explanation here
but i think we're at the point now where
we need to at least have
very careful and safe reopening of some
stuff
reason being it's been two months now
and we've already had small businesses
that are completely done they're gone
small businesses cannot operate with
with oh we shut down for two months now
we have no income to pay our bills
they're gone
there's actually places that ca and i
ate at that we know are out of business
we've
you know just going out to do errands we
drive by they're gone they're shut
because of this pandemic which is [ __ ]
up
but hey we needed to do it as they say
to
lower the curve or or i forget the exact
wording but to basically save lives
right
so you know some things had to be
sacrificed for a good cause but at the
same time
can we have the entire country and the
entire world shut down indefinitely for
this
no we you know life does have to resume
at some point
and you know you can't have the entire
world economy be destroyed
because we just don't know how to handle
the pandemic because the truth of the
matter is there's been other countries
like sweden
um among others south korea that have
handled it very differently than how the
united states handled it
and they didn't destroy their economies
you know but they still handled the
pandemic
so i don't know if we handled it the
right way or not
but what i see and what i think is going
to happen because all the lawmakers and
even the governors have been talking
about this in the united states
a very rational step-by-step
phased-based approach
okay we're gonna open up stores but
we're not gonna allow
500 people to flood to the [ __ ] store
and jam it to the rafters
we're gonna have it so that we limit the
amount of people in the store we're
gonna have it so that
50 capacity for restaurants right stuff
like that
metered approaches until we can finally
get back to where we were
as long as it takes but it has to be
careful and rational
you know right now i hate to say it
people's behavior in the united states
is not rational you may think it is
but it's not um
cat works at a grocery store she happens
to not work in the grocery department
because this is a grocery store that has
all kinds of different departments like
clothing
home goods etc she has told me
her store because it's one of the few
stores that's open a lot of other stores
are closed
she's seeing way more customers now in
the store than ever before and none of
them are keeping socially distanced
they're all there crowding the stores
buying products they don't need because
they're thinking oh it's just normal
life i could just go to the store
because it's open instead of taking the
proper precautions so when that happens
and you realize you can't control the
stupid people you need to spread people
out so they don't [ __ ] spread this
thing
so reopening other stores actually makes
sense don't have them all be at the
grocery stores
have them go to the other stores and
spread the [ __ ] out so that way they're
not all within two inch proximity of
each other like morons spreading this
[ __ ] virus
so in my opinion we do need to see a
metered approach
and it needs to be careful but we do
need to start reopening stuff because we
cannot have the entire world economy be
destroyed
and have the entire life as we know it
be ruined by a virus
because people are dying from this virus
people are dying it's horrible i hate
that a single person died from this
virus i do
and no i'm not going to be one of these
pundits who gets up on a soapbox
well some people just need to die then
that's [ __ ] up no one needs to die
from this [ __ ] thing
but we have to come together to find a
rational approach
and not just say close indefinitely or
reopen everything at once
we need to find the middle ground that's
going to work best for everybody
in my opinion okay
um now we got someone calling asian
american carl
you know what is this now
i don't know asking about the tractor so
you're derailing the stream and i'm
gonna answer because you're being a
[ __ ] idiot
um tim martin took me a dollar 24 he
says germany will be bringing back
football or
soccer as we call it here in america on
may 17th but only under closed doors
the uk is going to be doing nothing and
people are dying we should take notes
from germans i mean that's what i mean
like i think
we've never had anything happen like
this in the modern world and what's
happening is sadly
people are dying because we're learning
and they're
they're sadly the ones who are passing
away and we have to learn from that
you know what i mean like if anything
this is a worldwide disaster and it's
horrendous
the amount of people we've lost and what
we need to do now
is learn from it because if the worst
thing that could possibly happen out of
this whole pandemic
is if we learn nothing that another
pandemic hits in five years
and the same [ __ ] thing happens tons
of people die
every the whole economy gets destroyed
because we're idiots and we don't
[ __ ] learn a damn thing because we're
stupid
please as a human race please let us
learn from this so we don't have
so many people suffering in the future
because we were too dumb to learn from
our mistakes this time
okay okay
continuing on um derek
asked a question he says i was a kid did
you ever have trouble falling asleep at
night because there was a test or a quiz
or an exam that you had
the next day sometimes i have a hard
time falling asleep too because of test
quizzes and exams in school
not only did that happen to me like no
lie
to this day sometimes i have nightmares
about being in school still
during my entire time that i was in
university or college as we call it here
in the united states
there were times when i thought i was
going to fail a class or a course and
because i failed it
that basically as a result of that i was
going to flunk out of school because i
was on scholarship or i should say
partial scholarship when i was in
university so i'm like oh i fail out of
school big deal i could go back later
i'll just get another job
for me it was like i feel out of school
all my parents money that they invested
in that tuition is wasted
i lose this scholarship that was a huge
opportunity for me to finish school
you know what i mean like there was like
a lot of stuff on the line when i was in
school
and there were literally um times when i
would have
horrendous nights of no sleep massive
stress
studying all night long pulling no light
no no long all-nighters
in order to pass stuff um
it was not a good time and it sucks
because i don't think anyone should have
to learn like that
i think that you know that school should
be something that you're learning stuff
that you actively know you can apply to
your life
not that you're forcing yourself to
learn [ __ ] just to get a grade so you
don't flunk out you know what i mean
like i feel like my experience was not
representative
of how a school experience should be but
that's how it was to the point where by
the time i was done with college i
didn't care anymore like i just [ __ ]
this i want to get out of here
and get out of my life because this has
been torturous um
and you know maybe if i had either gone
to a different college or maybe if i had
studied a different thing or maybe if my
life experience was different i'd have
to work
the entire time that i was in school
because i was i was working
while i was in school to pay for school
maybe if that weren't the case and i was
one of these rich kid born with a silver
spoon in my mouth
and i didn't have to pay for nothing
maybe then i wouldn't have had that
stress and school would have been a
better experience for me but for me like
i didn't like it and i'm not kidding
like to this day i still wake up
to this day having nightmares about
still being in university and i'm not
going to make it to class i can't find
my class i don't know where it is
so i'm going to get a bad grade or i'm
going to flunk this test and i'm going
to flunk out and you know i still have
anxiety in the back of my head
subconsciously because of that [ __ ] how
many years later
i got out of school in 2004 it's 2020
and i'm still having this [ __ ]
pretty bad um
the lost ones asks was phil my question
to you is
uh do you try to incorporate
self-discipline into your life
i if you have in what ways and if you
haven't then why haven't you
i feel like discipline is a major
benefit to mankind it helps a person
improve their self and learn to
appreciate themselves
i mean yeah my my life needs a lot of
self-discipline because i'm
self-employed
i don't have a nine-to-five employer
where
if i don't show up to work i get fired
right
i don't have a boss telling me this is
exactly what you need to do to succeed
and if you don't do it you're fired i
run my own show here so i need to make
sure
that i'm here every day on stream i'm
waking up for every stream i don't have
excuses that i'm late to stream every
day
that you know when i i'm here i'm here
and ready
and equipped to put out fun content for
you guys on a daily basis not that i
come unequipped and not ready
and the stuff's not working you know
what i mean like i have a responsibility
to the viewers
to put out a functional entertaining
show every day and that takes discipline
it takes discipline to be here six days
a week full time and
be okay with that knowing that i only
get one day a week for my family
you know um i could take a lot more time
off but that's gonna shoot me in the ass
because of the amount of debt and stuff
that i'm in you know my money
that i owe now the government and stuff
you know it would kill me
if i didn't work as much as i did later
on but you know
i i've basically tried to discipline
myself to the point where like
ah it's it's a normal life like
getting up at the same time every day
doing what i do every day
not complaining about it having fun with
it you know like and it was hard
there was a time when i was not really
caring about the streams it was just
youtube
and i felt like i'd burped myself out i
didn't want to get up and do streaming
and do games anymore this was before
i became a full-time live streamer right
around that intro about 2014 2015
when the negativity against me on the
internet was really at a peak
um and everyone was just [ __ ] on me
and trying to destroy my life and
destroy my youtube channel and
everything which they
pretty much did um you know the year
when i was doxxed
swatted ddos attacked
and had my youtube channel destroyed by
false copyright strikes
that was pretty much the year when like
i almost broke
and was like i won't do this anymore
because
it's just it's too much pain and too
much suffering and it's not worth it
um and basically i had to discipline
myself and stay in that discipline no
i have to stay the course
i have to stick with this i have to be
disciplined and know that if i tough
this out that there's going to be some
kind of a light
at the end of a tunnel it might be a
tunnel that's 20 years long but i'm
eventually going to get to the end of
this tunnel and i'm going to persevere
as long as i stick with it you know
and that's been always been my attitude
is even though i have these hardships
that i face on a daily basis
and things that fall apart and just
surprise me with shocking negative [ __ ]
at the very least i still
discipline myself to never give up and
to stay the course and to try to keep it
going you know
uh and so far so good
you know especially with the stuff that
that's just happening this week
behind the scenes was a big relief for
me and
you know we'll see where life goes from
here but you know it's
tough it's tough because let me tell you
when you're not
working for someone and you're working
for yourself
it's tough to maintain the discipline
it's very easy i'm just taking today off
man [ __ ] that
you know even when i was a big big on
youtube and i was making tons of money
and i had the ability to do that i
didn't do it
i was still here working my ass off
every single day
to make sure there was content for you
guys because i didn't know what was
going to happen in the future i didn't
know when the days of milk and plenty
the gravy train of ad revenue on youtube
was eventually gonna run out which it
did
i didn't know that so i worked my ass
off
even though i didn't need to
okay um cashmere goat cheered and he
said
um thoughts are revisiting nba 2k15 to
replace the call of duty streams
no i'm not going back to nba 2k15 that's
ridiculous
um
um let's see here
asian american carl is a troll now so he
can get the [ __ ] out of here now
idiot retro gym cheers is a big threat
and your job is the sitting i worry
about your mobility over time and you're
right
sitting here all day every day a
sedentary lifestyle is not good
that's why i take these breaks and i go
and i move around and i walk around my
house
which a lot of people don't understand
phil why do you need a break it's only
like a four hour stream
because if i sit here the whole time and
don't move i can get blood clots and
[ __ ] die that's why i'm not stupid
i gotta take breaks to go move around
okay
last rainbow charity says how would you
respond to people who look at your 2011
to 2013 playthrough videos and say that
those were the good old days of phil
that's fine when i was doing stuff back
then in a different style
and people liked that style it's valid
and they could like that but you know
things have to change over time i
couldn't just stay the same guy
in a constantly changing world with
different culture and different demands
and different
desire for different kinds of content i
couldn't stay that same guy i had to
change
and evolve in my opinion for the better
for more positive less toxicity
more positivity you know more meaningful
content being put out rather than
content that was just for the sake of
doing it so
i'm okay with people who think that that
was better there's nothing i could do
about that
right john cena took me a dollar 24 says
you can't see me but no you never give
up
well there you go um all right guys
actual last question from twitter and
after this
i'm actually going to open up the show
to the viewers and that's going to be
the conclusion we got through all the
questions
okay so this question is from galactic
and they say
this is a short question but which
character do you think was a better
protagonist john marston or arthur
morgan
from red dead redemption games i
personally like arthur a lot more than
john
here's the thing my personal preference
is john marston because i overall think
that actual reddit redemption one
is a better game than red dead two okay
um
immediately when i replayed red dead one
right before i played red dead two
it didn't feel as good of a game as i
thought when it first came out as a new
release
but of course you know eight plus years
can change
how a game feels in relation to all the
other games out there you know what i'm
saying
um but what i would say is that
overall if you look at the actual two
characters
john and arthur head up all right
the story of red dead 2 very much
so shows the evolution and development
and
learning and wisdom growing within
arthur and how as a person he changes
from just being
one of the guys in the gang who does the
dirty deeds to someone who has
morals and a conscience and actually
changes and grows as a person
during the course of the game john not
so much
john you start his story what they call
in media's rez what that means is you
start somewhere in the middle
and then during the course of the game
you start to learn about his past and
the horrible things he did in the past
but that he basically wanted to change
from that and write that off and become
a better person
and have a family and just be left alone
but he's much like
the mafioso stories oh every time i try
to get out they pull me back in
right that's really the story of john
marston where he had a past that was bad
you didn't really get to see all that
right
but you get to see his present where
he's a better guy but he gets pulled
back into the dirty deeds of the past
by all these outside parties i think the
development story of arthur
is more of a humanized story where you
see he's an [ __ ] at the beginning of
the game
he doesn't care about [ __ ] he kills
people in cold blood he doesn't care who
he robs cheats or steals
from in order so that his gang can get
ahead but by the middle of the game he's
starting to grow a conscience
and by the end of the game he's a
completely changed person
see what i mean so in that regard
um i think arthur overall is the more
developed character
but i still think i liked john his
mannerisms
his voice actor the writing for john
better
and i think that red dead one is the
better game overall okay
um all right so we're gonna open up to
just a few questions here on the stream
uh from viewers first of all retro gym
cheers ask if i ever tried
yoga no now when i had a really bad back
when i had tons of back issues with my
lower back being herniated discs and
[ __ ]
and i had constant throbbing or shooting
pain or numbness in my legs i actually
purchased a yoga system called ddp yoga
was from a guy named diamond dallas
paige professional wrestler who
had very similar issues he got into yoga
fixed his body
and said that it was such a
life-changing experience for him that he
wanted to share that experience with
many
other people including pro wrestlers but
other people in life just in general
who had these issues and so he actually
became
more prominent in life for being a
life-changing guy who wanted to help
others
rather than for his pro wrestling career
even though he had a good pro wrestling
career
it's actually his work after pro
wrestling that people remember him for
more
and i have this system i have the dvds
or whatever it is
um and i never used it because you know
at the time that i bought it was right
before i had moved across the country
when i moved from connecticut to
washington
i made concrete changes to my lifestyle
here that didn't stress my back out
anymore for example
i have a garage now so i don't have to
walk from my car in an icy parking lot
across like you know hundreds of feet to
get to my my condo anymore
holding bags from shopping like i used
to do when i lived in connecticut
now i drive right into my garage go from
the garage to the kitchen done
see uh i don't drive long distances
anymore
i purposely move to a part of the
country where everything that i need is
in close proximity to where i live now
so i don't need to go on treks or
gallivant out i stopped traveling
long road trips and stuff like that to
purposely not stress out my back anymore
i started eating more healthy all right
this part of the country has way less
air pollution
so there's like a million things that i
feel contributed to me feeling healthier
but overall my back has gotten a lot
better
so i've never had to use the yoga and my
back has really at this point
pretty much almost zero problems anymore
which is great
i'm lucky because most people who have
back problems like i had
they don't recover from them they end up
having residual pain and problems for
the rest of their life i am the insanely
lucky case
where that wasn't the case and i
recovered from it which is really
awesome
so okay um
so let's see if anyone else has
questions here
did i ever consider becoming a
professional wrestler asked by anachu
of course i did when i was younger i
always had aspirations to do really
stupid [ __ ]
uh i want to be uh in the army
um i want to be i want a police officer
all these very risky things then when i
got older
i want to be a professional wrestler i
would love to be a wrestler and run
around the ring and do all this stuff
but of course it's all silly pipe dreams
it's not something serious it's not
something i ever put time into
but yeah at one point i was stupid i oh
you know i'm seeing i mean
you know the late 90s and 2000s i'm
watching wrestling i'm thinking man i
would love to be a pro wrestler
uh pwnage101 took me 10.99 and he says
vest and gunner glasses and the cowboy
hat equals
intellectual looking man i don't know
about that
i don't know if i'm a very intellectual
looking guy
um but i definitely appreciate the
support
mr pelonage 101 thank you a retro gym
cheer he says
i just think yoga would be good for your
periods of prolonged sitting in addition
to taking breaks on stream
probably every hour and 15 minutes you
could go get up at stretch
fair enough um all right now we got
another guy
who's another carl that's gonna get
banned i'm not even gonna read what he
said at this point seriously
okay
can i do a subscriber goal stream where
i teach the entry gamers how to do dsp
yoga people are just being stupid now
all right i'm not getting any more
questions really
can i give a birthday shout out to your
friend droofy sure
happy birthday drufy
so some people all right it's cram ban
my socks but a few other people have
brought this up recently
okay so there's been this thing
this this i don't even want to call it a
movement but
i don't even really understand it all
right we'll address it here on ask the
king this is a good place to talk about
it public forum
you know i can give my thoughts you guys
can respond
this whole thing in regards to like
people who have
waifus in video games or waifu and anime
or whatever that even entails i mean my
understanding of it is very limited
i guess what it is is that like you get
a favorite
female character who you feel is like um
a person like if they were real you
would want to date them or be with them
romantically or something like that
i guess i'm guessing that's what it's
supposed to be like who's your waifu
in final fantasy is it arieth or is it
tifa or is it jesse
it's like for me all right my
perspective here is
as follows okay if that's what you like
fine if that's how you are every time
you play a game that has females in it
right you have to have this this waifu
thing going on
we have to rank the females against each
other
for reasons uh and then say that one's
better than the other and this is the
one that's your personal preference or
whatever and this is the one
that uh you would want to be with if
they were real or whatever
more power to you i'm not one here to
stand here and criticize and say you
can't have your fun or whatever
all right but my personal take on it
is that that's not something that i'm
interested in that's not something that
i want to participate in
that's not something that i feel has any
value in my content or on my streams
all right just being honest here uh i'm
38 years old
the time of me fantasizing about
video game and cartoon characters is
long past i'm a married man
in a loving relationship and i love my
life i don't
need to play final fantasy 7 remake
and fantasize about one of the girls is
the waifu
of the group because i have something
way better than that in real life
that that thought doesn't even literally
pop into my mind
i don't even humanize the characters in
most video games i realize that's an
avatar that's a virtual character that
doesn't exist
right and i'm not gonna pretend like
that's a person who i have an emotional
attachment to or anything
i'm too old for that [ __ ] all right i'm
just being honest you know
and that may be very very different to
you guys
and gals out there who are younger than
me and still
have that kind of feeling when i was
much younger
sure i admit you would say oh my god
there's a hot girl on tv or there's a
hot girl
in a game when you're younger and you're
you're less mature
and you don't have a long-term
meaningful relationship or a marriage
like i have
absolutely there were times in my life
that that was what it was like
but it's been a while you know it's been
a while since i've had any kind of
thoughts like that whatsoever
and so when people come on my streams
and they'll cheer
and they're literally trying to do this
to get my attention and annoy me to
derail my stream
because i've said this publicly before
i've said i'm not interested in that
i'm not going to participate in that
kind of line of thought that kind of
discussion on my stream i do feel it's
derailing to my content
to be bringing it up but people do it on
purpose because they feel that it's
funny
they feel it gets my go it's like
jabbing uh your friend and making a
little slot sly remark to them or
whatever
we have to understand that just because
i don't agree with it doesn't mean that
it's i'm gonna tell you personally
that's not something
that you could participate in do i think
it's immature
yeah i do i think for someone my age it
would be incredibly immature for me to
participate in that kind of stuff
someone who has a family already to be
having
fantasy waifus in every game that i play
is incredibly stupid and immature
and irresponsible and dumb for me
for me and my personal perspective and
my personal living situation
and life situation for you maybe it's
completely different
and more power to you enjoy what you
enjoy it's the same thing that i say
about everything people
phil what do you think about you know
homosexuals being able to get married
i don't care let everyone be happy more
power to them
what who am i to tell you you can't do
something in your life that's going to
make you happy
right it doesn't affect me i'm not in
that situation
you know so more power to you
if that's what you want to do go ahead
be happy
but don't come to my stream and
constantly derail me
with discussions about stuff that you
know actively
that i'm not involved in and it's not
going to be a part of my life or my
streams
that's my attitude towards any of this
kind of stuff you know
so please understand that and be
respectful right
don't come to my stream and cheer to try
to derail who's your wife all right [ __ ]
you
you know you know it's not me that's not
my
attitude that's not how i approach it
and by doing that you're all you're
doing is basically trying to derail the
stream and be a jerk
so don't do it okay and that's my honest
answer about the situation
okay um
casually we were goat cheering and says
do you let do you drive or
do you let cat drive when you run
errands well cat drives all week going
to work
so on our day out when we go out i drive
that's my turn to drive
see retro gym cheering says waifu
posting is a type of meme
posting generally people playfully
engage with it for fun and that's fine
so if you want to do that go ahead i
don't want to don't harass me
for not wanting to do it okay
um uh
tim of day or timofty took me two
dollars he said what do you think is the
main difference between japanese and
western games which do you consider
better
you enjoyed the souls games the most
which are all japanese um i don't think
anything's better i think there's
different cultural things that are that
you know
some games can excel in and others don't
i don't think that one culture is better
than the other or one style game is
better than the other i'm a variety
streamer i like it all
right
so there you go now you got some someone
named ratco who cheered and saying
something disgusting
on the stream and he expects that like
i'm not going to time him out or or do
something uh
i am i'm gonna ban him because that's
[ __ ] gross and we don't need to hear
sexual [ __ ] on the stream
he's just an idiot richard link cheers i
can't wait to watch this
sorry i'm late it's always good to see
the vest and the glasses thank you uh
richard evil green ranger cheered he
says you probably know
sports have been delayed or put on hold
because of the coronavirus i want to
hear your opinion on some sports leaks
continuing their season
example nba and playing with no fans in
an arena
or if they should suspend it into the
next following season see i don't know
like i think that a live crowd is
definitely
a part of sports that
it has become an organic part of it you
know what i'm saying like
it's very different to have sports
participated and with our sports
happening with no life participation
from a crowd
um you know and you know
there's also a difference between like
professional wrestling is meant to be a
stage
show it's not necessarily a real sports
competition where there's actual
competition it's
there's predetermined outcomes in
professional wrestling
so even more so you're trying to doing
that for a crowd and when the crowd's
not
there you know is it legit or is it as
good as before when there you know when
there were crowds
i don't know you know um sports in
general
you know i've been suspended for a long
time uh most sports have been suspended
at least two months if not longer
and no one really knows what's going to
happen in regards to some sports while
others like you said with mba
they pretty much have a path forward
they want to do it with arenas empty
um is the nba going to be successful
because those are competitive games the
players are focused more on winning the
game
an actual competitive nature of winning
a competition versus putting on a stage
show for people you see what i'm saying
i'm not saying that being flashy and
putting on a show isn't part of it it is
but primarily they need to win games
versus professional wrestling's very
different
um i think you could do sports
um without an audience
it obviously would be very different
than what you come to expect but i think
it could be pulled off
uh pro wrestling has been very rough
without the audience and a lot of people
have
criticized the pro wrestling saying i'm
just not going to watch it until the
audience comes back because that was the
whole point of it to begin with
so i don't know um that's a tough
question
so i guess it really depends on the
sport but i think that
sports that are competitions could
continue with no audience
would it be as good i don't know but
they definitely could continue okay
captain charisma took me a dollar dirty
and he said i understand your standpoint
me and my girlfriend of five years bond
and joke about how our waifus and best
boys in the light
that's how we met and started talking in
high school and we're both in our 20s
and we just
we joke about it now and that's fine
that's what i keep telling you guys like
sadly there are people out there who see
everything as black and white
and if i say i don't like something on a
stream they think that means that i
don't think that it's good for anyone
right i am heterosexual
i will always be heterosexual that's
just who i am that doesn't mean i
disapprove of homosexuality
at all i approve of it people can be i'm
fine with that let the people be happy
with how you know however they're wired
please by all means be happy
um who am i to say that's something bad
if you like joking about waifus or
whatever
who am i to say there's something wrong
with that there's nothing wrong with
that go ahead and do it
but don't come on my stream and try to
force it on me
you know what i mean that's where you
cross the line and i think that's where
a lot of people
sadly don't understand the difference
between me not doing it or me saying
it's outright wrong
i'm not saying that if you like the
whole cultural thing of waifus or
whatever
fine do it but don't then come to my
stream and understand why i don't like
it when i very very intelligently
explain to you why it's not something
that i ever want to participate in okay
all right
oh look at this idiot
get that guy out of here
well guys oh my god the stream chat is
going so fast i can't even read any of
it it's all going so fast now i can't
even read it
um tm52 twitch he says good to catch you
phil you ever get bored of ask the king
after i've done it for like 11 years now
see like there isn't really a variety of
questions coming from the viewer base
and it catches you
low on the novelty curve a lot of these
questions seem to be variations of
questions you answered in previous
questions
does there need to be canvassing for
more interesting questions or is dead or
necessary with a show
like this like i don't know what to tell
you i told you guys last year
that since i'm now a more interactive
streamer that maybe that was the end of
the logical course of ask the king
and i was honestly thinking about
retiring again excuse me
i was thinking of retiring and then and
then a bunch of people came out and said
no
no it's like a staple of your content
don't do away with it we like having a
dedicated place
where people can watch and get answers
to questions even if you repeat the
answers
at least there's one centralized place
we can go for that versus
when you're just doing live streams and
you're doing on a pre-stream or whatever
imagine
not being there live for every
pre-stream and i have to watch you know
two months of pre-streams to see if i
talked about something you were
interested in
you see the difference here so i kind of
get that
but yeah i mean 1052 twitch obviously
there's been a lot of crossover
probably i say two or three of the
questions today were directly were
questions that i've answered in the past
and every once in a while i like to
renew those answers at the same time
today i do think there was a lot of
topics that were fresh and new and
different
that we needed to talk about so i don't
know that's that question
is more about you guys the viewers than
me
if you guys honestly think that ask the
king has completely run its course
and it's done with then fine
that's perfectly fine you know and
that'll be the end of it
but you guys seem to tell me you want it
to continue and that's why i keep doing
it you know what i mean
so i don't know if there's a definitive
answer here
um retro gym cheers which girl did you
choose in your playthrough persona for
what motivated that choice
i don't even remember i don't remember
and i couldn't tell you what motivated
it that was years ago
i was in a different situation in life
and i don't even know
uh timothy took me two dollars and says
have you heard about the last of us two
scandal
where the political agenda destroyed the
characters from the first game
what's your opinion of this political
stuff going in mainstream games except
japanese
i don't know because i don't really know
excuse me
i don't really know much about it i know
there's i know major story spoilers but
i don't know about these political
things that you're talking about
so i can't really talk about it i'm not
going to presume
to speak about it when i don't really
know the extent of it now after i've
played the last of us too you want to
ask me the same question
fair enough i don't think that i could
really answer it right now
captain charisma took me a dollar 30 and
says back in your pc building days
where did you were you more intel or amd
we more nvidia or ati um
if i remember correctly i actually built
things that were both
i had one computer that had a really
high-end intel processor and like an
nvidia
card and then the other one it was more
like amd and ati
um in reality as long as you optimize
your system
they pretty much run just as good i mean
yeah you're gonna have okay
slight power difference here slight
power difference there but you know like
for especially for the cost difference
between some of these things
i don't really think that there was
necessarily you had to go with one over
the other
um from my experience because i had two
gaming pcs that i built from scratch and
they both ran well
so i don't necessarily think that one
was oh my god this is so much better
than the other maybe one
was slightly less frames per second but
it also cost me hundreds of dollars less
so there's always a trade-off right
so there you go um
all right any other questions guys or
shall we adjourn you can hear my voice
now his horse i've been talking now
for pretty much three straight hours no
gameplay or anything
so i think i'd like to give it called
quits unless we can get another question
or two all right
prime readers that look good in the
glasses
one button dash yeah i did hear that
basically wwe isn't really mentioning
roman reigns that much anymore
um and we all know it's because he
didn't want to be in wrestlemania or
i guess as of now he still doesn't
really want to wrestle because he's
afraid of because of his leukemia
uh you know that he's had in the past
that maybe he'd be more susceptible to
coronavirus
i don't know i don't know what's really
happening there and it's just
speculation so i don't really like to
talk too much about it
what's with the restless leg i have
restless leg syndrome where like i
constantly have to move
and it's up for debate whether it's
something that i just have or it's
because of my back injuries or at one
point
like i didn't feel very comfortable just
sitting still i would have to constantly
move to feel comfortable because my disc
always had issues
it could be that or it could just be
that something else i don't know
internet famous mccoy took me a dollar
thirty says are there any games you
would refuse to play
based on the personal views or opinions
of overall personality of the game's
developers
um for me like for me
i think that the work of art is a work
of art independent of the opinions of
the people who made the work of art like
let's say for example
there's someone who's like a crazy gun
nut and i'm
anti-gun and by the way i'm not saying
that's the case i'm just saying listen
it's hypothetical
here there's a director of a movie who's
a gun nut and he's into nra and gun
rights and i'm completely anti-gun
does that mean that every movie he ever
makes even movies that have nothing to
do with that subject matter are terrible
movies
no sadly there's people who are like
that and that's why really
i've tried to stay away from talking
about politics and religion over the
years because
there are people out there who like if i
don't agree with you on these topics
that means i can't ever
look at a piece of art that you ever
make or a piece of work that you ever
make because
i just don't like your personal beliefs
and that's kind of silly to me
like i think that you can separate
someone's personal beliefs and actions
versus the content or
the art that they create and see them as
two completely separate things
at least if you're mature enough to do
so some people are not you know
um but i feel that they're separate so
you know just because last of us twos
game creators may be political agenda
with feminism doesn't mean that their
game is going to suck
you know what i'm saying however
you screw me over with your game i'm not
going to forgive it like tim schafer
being a complete scumbag taking
everyone's crowdfunding money and
basically pocketing half of it
to make a different game while the
second half of broken age was a piece of
donkey [ __ ]
that's something i don't forgive so
um timothy took me another two dollars
which was anticipating a game of 2020 at
this point i don't have one anymore
because now we don't even have solid
release dates
for anything and because of that i can't
get hype over something that i don't
know if and when it's even coming out
so i don't even bother really talking
about the games this year anymore maybe
later this year i'll make a new
gaming schedule update calendar when we
get more dates but it's hard for me to
get hype over games now you know we got
to see what happens for the rest of this
year
so all right guys
and that's going to be it for ask the
kings you can hear my voice getting more
hoarse so what i like to do now is end
the show i'd like to say obviously thank
you all
for your overwhelming amount of support
on this stream that's very much
appreciated
thanks to those who hung out who
listened to questions who submitted
questions for the show
uh i'm gonna upload all this game this
to dsp gaming excuse me i'm gonna upload
all this to the king of hate
vlogs that's my vlogging channel on
youtube that i haven't used now for
months
so all this will be updated over there
and uploaded for you to check out and i
hope that you will
um if you missed any portion of the show
all right thank you guys very much for
everything
until next time which by the way the
next episode of ask the king should take
place in two months so
probably around early july i think i
tentatively said it for like july 9th or
something like that
of course that is always subject to
change but we'll see what happens all
right
thank you guys very very much for all
your support
and i thank you for a great episode to
ask the king i'll see you next time
peace out everybody